Themes
======

Tiny Tiny RSS supports additional themes. This is a list of themes which
can be found on repositories and/or on the
[forum](http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=22).

Disable any third party themes after upgrading tt-rss, new version might
be incompatible with your old theme.

Installation of themes is as simple as copying the css file and the
image folder into the ‘themes’ folder of your tt-rss and then activating
it, via the dropbox menu, in the preference panel.

Themes and plugins are also available on the
[forum](http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=22) this is not
necessary a complete list.

Between different version of tt-rss, some themes perhaps need to be
updated. Therefore they may profit if someone agrees to maintain them.\
Themes author who agree to do that could [post a
link](http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=22&t=2490) to their github
account or simply let us know that they are available to be contacted in
the forums or per email, then we’ll add that information here.

Please note that we’re not responsible for third party themes. Use at
your own risk.

Themes may not be compatible between tt-rss versions. It is suggested to
select default theme and disable any user CSS modifications before
upgrading.

Themes list
-----------

### Clean GReader Theme

![](>{width:200px}https://raw.github.com/naeramarth7/clean-greader/master/img/preview.png)\
A theme built from scratch, independent of default css. Inspired by the
Google Reader it has a white/greyish look.\
**Forum**\
http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=22&t=2247

**Github**\
https://github.com/naeramarth7/clean-greader

### Feedly Theme

![](>{width:200px}https://raw.github.com/levito/tt-rss-feedly-theme/master/feedly-screenshots/feedly-expandable.png)\
A theme built from scratch, independent of default css. Emulates the
greyish look of Feedly.\
**Forum**\
http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=22&t=2065

**Github**\
https://github.com/levito/tt-rss-feedly-theme

### Reeder Theme

![](>{width:200px}https://github.com/tschinz/tt-rss_reeder_theme/blob/master/reeder_screenshot/combined_mode_1.png?raw=true)\
Theme emulates the paper/brownish look of the Reeder App from IOS.\
**Forum**\
http://tt-rss.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=22&t=2105

**Github**\
tt-rss \>1.11\
https://github.com/tschinz/tt-rss\_reeder\_theme

tt-rss \<1.11 (old version)\
https://github.com/tschinz/tt-rss\_reeder\_theme/tree/legacy
